You can also read the online manual in my website.
http://chobi-glass.com/Physics_Tank_Maker_manual/index.html

'How to use AI Tank' (Ver.3.0)
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.
shopmaster@chobi-glass.com
http://chobi-glass.com/Unity/index.html



(Note.)
The AI system requires "Navigation Mesh" (NavMesh) in the scene.
When the NavMesh has not been baked for the scene, you will get errors in the runtime.

*** How to use AI Tank***
(1) Set the AI tank prefab in the scene.
About how to set the tank prefab, please read 'How to use Tank Prefab'.

(Note.)
The AI system requires "AI_Headquaters_CS" script in the scene to choose the target.
Usually the script is attached to the "Game_Controller" object in the scene.



(2) Find the "AI_Settings_CS (Script)" in the top object.
Find the "AI_Settings_CS (Script)" in the top object of the AI tank.
We can change the behavior of the AI tank from this script.



(3) Try to set the "Way Point Pack".
"Way Point Pack" is an object that has several empty child objects as the waypoints.
All the waypoints must be placed on the NavMesh, so that the AI can find the path to the waypoint.
In the demo scenes, the "Way Point Pack" fitting for each scene is prepared.


Drag and drop the "WayPoint Pack" in the scene into the "Way Point Pack" box in the script.


The AI tank will drive passing through the way points in the runtime.
(Note.)
When the "Way Point Pack" is not set, the AI tank will stay in the initial position.


(4) Try to set the "Follow Target".
You can also make the AI tank follow the specified tank.
Set the target tank in the scene, and drag and drop it into the "Follow Target" box in the script.


The AI tank will follow the target tank when they have the same "Relationship" value.
When their "Relationship" values are different, the AI tank will chase the target while attacking.


(5) About the other options.
You can change the AI settings more finely by adjusting the following values.

"No Attack"
The AI tank will never attack any target.

"Breakthrough"
Even when the AI tank detects the target, the AI tank will continue to patrol the waypoints without approaching the target.
(Note.)
This option is useful to make the AI tank break through the defense line.

"Share Target"
The AI tank will attack the same target as the specified tank set in the box.
While the "Share Target" tank is not locking-on any target, the AI tank will find the target itself.

"Visibility Radius"
The AI tank can detect the target within this distance.

"Approach Distance"
The AI tank will approach the target to this distance.
When the AI tank cannot aim the target by any obstacle, the AI tank will continue to approach the target even within this distance.
(Note.)
When this value is set to Infinity, the AI tank will never approach the target. This is useful to make the AI tank defend the position.

"Open Fire Distance"
The AI tank will open fire when the target is within this distance.

"Lost Count"
The AI tank will completely lose the target when this time period passes after the target gets out of sight.

"Face the Target"
The AI tank will turn toward the target while attacking.
(Note.)
Enable this option when the turret rotation is limited in narrow angle range such as "Moser Karl".
Also this option is useful to make the AI tank cover its weak points.

"Text for AI's state"
The state of the AI tank can be displayed in real time on this Text.

"Tank Name"
The name displayed on the "Text for AI's state".
When this option is empty, the name of the top object of the AI tank is displayed.


